README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nonstopio.com">
    <img src="https://github.com/nonstopio.png" alt="Nonstop Logo" height="128" />
  </a>
  <h1 align="center">NonStop</h1>
  <p align="center">Digital Product Development Experts for Startups & Enterprises</p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://nonstopio.com/about-us">About</a> |
    <a href="https://nonstopio.com">Website</a>
  </p>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="logo.svg" alt="Flutter Forge Logo" width="75%" />
</p>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

A place where Flutter packages are crafted and built.

- All shared [packages](packages/README.md) are in the `/packages` directory
- All [plugins](plugins/README.md) are in the `/plugins` directory

| Packages                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [![nonstop_cli](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/nonstop_cli.svg?label=nonstop_cli&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/nonstop_cli)                                     |
| [![cli_core](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/cli_core.svg?label=cli_core&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/cli_core)                                                 |
| [![timer_button](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/timer_button.svg?label=timer_button&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/timer_button)                                 |
| [![connectivity_wrapper](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/connectivity_wrapper.svg?label=connectivity_wrapper&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity_wrapper) |
| [![ns_firebase_utils](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/ns_firebase_utils.svg?label=ns_firebase_utils&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/ns_firebase_utils)             |
| [![ns_utils](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/ns_utils.svg?label=ns_utils&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/ns_utils)                                                 |
| [![ns_intl_phone_input](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/ns_intl_phone_input.svg?label=ns_intl_phone_input&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/ns_intl_phone_input)     |
| [![dzod](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dzod.svg?label=dzod&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/dzod)                                                                 |
| [![html_rich_text](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/html_rich_text.svg?label=html_rich_text&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/html_rich_text)                         |  

| Plugins                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [![contact_permission](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/contact_permission.svg?label=contact_permission&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/contact_permission) |

## Contact

Follow us, stay up to date or reach out on:

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nonstop-io)
- [X.com](https://x.com/NonStopio)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/nonstopio_technologies/)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@NonStopioTechnology)
- [Email](mailto:contact@nonstopio.com)

## Analytics

![Alt](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/6059fdb98f7459eea3b11801c627f4cdf811f460.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/ProjectAJ14"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/35396392?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Ajay Kumar"/><br /><sub><b>Ajay Kumar</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/nonstopio/flutter_forge/commits?author=ProjectAJ14" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-ProjectAJ14" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/nonstopio/flutter_forge/commits?author=ProjectAJ14" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#example-ProjectAJ14" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#maintenance-ProjectAJ14" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/rajan-nonstopio"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/86942642?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="rajan-nonstopio"/><br /><sub><b>rajan-nonstopio</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/nonstopio/flutter_forge/commits?author=rajan-nonstopio" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tfoot>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" size="13px" colspan="7">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/all-contributors/all-contributors-cli/1b8533af435da9854653492b1327a23a4dbd0a10/assets/logo-small.svg">
          <a href="https://all-contributors.js.org/docs/en/bot/usage">Add your contributions</a>
        </img>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tfoot>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

docs(README): enhance connection section with social media links and acknowledgments

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nonstopio.com">
    <img src="https://github.com/nonstopio.png" alt="Nonstop Logo" height="128" />
  </a>
  <h1 align="center">NonStop</h1>
  <p align="center">Digital Product Development Experts for Startups & Enterprises</p>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://nonstopio.com/about-us">About</a> |
    <a href="https://nonstopio.com">Website</a>
  </p>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="logo.svg" alt="Flutter Forge Logo" width="75%" />
</p>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

A place where Flutter packages are crafted and built.

- All shared [packages](packages/README.md) are in the `/packages` directory
- All [plugins](plugins/README.md) are in the `/plugins` directory

| Packages                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [![nonstop_cli](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/nonstop_cli.svg?label=nonstop_cli&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/nonstop_cli)                                     |
| [![cli_core](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/cli_core.svg?label=cli_core&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/cli_core)                                                 |
| [![timer_button](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/timer_button.svg?label=timer_button&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/timer_button)                                 |
| [![connectivity_wrapper](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/connectivity_wrapper.svg?label=connectivity_wrapper&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity_wrapper) |
| [![ns_firebase_utils](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/ns_firebase_utils.svg?label=ns_firebase_utils&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/ns_firebase_utils)             |
| [![ns_utils](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/ns_utils.svg?label=ns_utils&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/ns_utils)                                                 |
| [![ns_intl_phone_input](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/ns_intl_phone_input.svg?label=ns_intl_phone_input&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/ns_intl_phone_input)     |
| [![dzod](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/dzod.svg?label=dzod&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/dzod)                                                                 |
| [![html_rich_text](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/html_rich_text.svg?label=html_rich_text&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/html_rich_text)                         |  

| Plugins                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [![contact_permission](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/contact_permission.svg?label=contact_permission&logo=dart&color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pub.dev/packages/contact_permission) |

---

## 🔗 Connect with NonStop

<div align="center">

**Stay connected and get the latest updates!**

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nonstop-io)
[![X.com](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/NonStopio)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/nonstopio_technologies/)
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/@NonStopioTechnology)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:contact@nonstopio.com)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

>  ⭐ Star us on [GitHub](https://github.com/nonstopio/flutter_forge) if this helped you!

</div>

## Analytics

![Alt](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/6059fdb98f7459eea3b11801c627f4cdf811f460.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/ProjectAJ14"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/35396392?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Ajay Kumar"/><br /><sub><b>Ajay Kumar</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/nonstopio/flutter_forge/commits?author=ProjectAJ14" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-ProjectAJ14" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/nonstopio/flutter_forge/commits?author=ProjectAJ14" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#example-ProjectAJ14" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#maintenance-ProjectAJ14" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/rajan-nonstopio"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/86942642?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="rajan-nonstopio"/><br /><sub><b>rajan-nonstopio</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/nonstopio/flutter_forge/commits?author=rajan-nonstopio" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tfoot>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" size="13px" colspan="7">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/all-contributors/all-contributors-cli/1b8533af435da9854653492b1327a23a4dbd0a10/assets/logo-small.svg">
          <a href="https://all-contributors.js.org/docs/en/bot/usage">Add your contributions</a>
        </img>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tfoot>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
